CRAYSAT-1706: To stop waiting if BOS session is deleted (#255)
Cray-HPE/sat: CHANGELOG.md

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/),
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [3.30.1] - 2024-08-12

### Fixed

> - Stop waiting till `sat bootsys` execution, if BOS session has deleted in
>   `bos-operations` stage.

Reviewer: The wording here could be improved.

```suggestion
- Log an error message and stop waiting on BOS sessions that have been deleted
  in the `bos-operations` stage of `sat bootsys`.
```
